## Subresource Integrity

If you are loading Highlight.js via CDN you may wish to use [Subresource Integrity](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Subresource_Integrity) to guarantee that you are using a legimitate build of the library.

To do this you simply need to add the `integrity` attribute for each JavaScript file you download via CDN. These digests are used by the browser to confirm the files downloaded have not been modified.

```html
<script
  src="//cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/highlight.js/11.10.0/highlight.min.js"
  integrity="sha384-pGqTJHE/m20W4oDrfxTVzOutpMhjK3uP/0lReY0Jq/KInpuJSXUnk4WAYbciCLqT"></script>
<!-- including any other grammars you might need to load -->
<script
  src="//cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/highlight.js/11.10.0/languages/go.min.js"
  integrity="sha384-Mtb4EH3R9NMDME1sPQALOYR8KGqwrXAtmc6XGxDd0XaXB23irPKsuET0JjZt5utI"></script>
```

The full list of digests for every file can be found below.

### Digests

```
sha384-no5/zgQGupzPFGWV8VpJzfQau5/GI2v5b7I45l6nKc8gMOxzBHfgyxNdjQEnmW94 /es/languages/bash.js
sha384-u2nRnIxVxHkjnpxFScw/XgxNVuLz4dXXiT56xbp+Kk2b8AuStNgggHNpM9HO569A /es/languages/bash.min.js
sha384-eM9Op3b0ilZ/iW7jeVAMo//MKcEXHCbg1Vf8SMrqds5LIOeF9+3qaX//TsnbItae /es/languages/cpp.js
sha384-+tDHTmLKfBxXgVksRhLEJM4z9PfcGQ2XsrZMDcdJ1SIlPZrtAR4+m4XUX+zJf5nf /es/languages/cpp.min.js
sha384-lU6If27eTyL2Yr+WS3ErF0/raeRKUheLuCM44IUaUshDCTvTeQijobPXY4wgkDGb /es/languages/csharp.js
sha384-k4z6XdU7qI35NxUF8SGumv5kMerrVg/xoat0iSaWnu/dHKoNZKdxZN3gI2WYgMfe /es/languages/csharp.min.js
sha384-+9dzNYaLHp3OPspFCOJGrEwfiOV3yqeD/atUDYVt9zKUJ8IW2QxffCT2LfmGfwfW /es/languages/css.js
sha384-G44u1/pUATC8754FIKYqkCxCl9AQYnspnFxzuR3RB1YVnTvqOEofqvZNQMUWcY/1 /es/languages/css.min.js
sha384-yIW2CKaxiozMCGVe7a2RX90kdUjP0h2gALuNlfKbojKpQn1OmMQLGO7BOqhncFO6 /es/languages/http.js
sha384-j+2AgmE+4SlZjmviwPvbGypcb9BQNHQj043l9Bb3F2fnlusdNxxA5/INHsOrSE6g /es/languages/http.min.js
sha384-oQpcUGMBf+VDTHOLQ1uhPp1FgNBo0OZc9gbXGuVFwAogHlkh/Iw6cvKKgcgCQkmV /es/languages/javascript.js
sha384-3T8DJ91yCa1//uY9h8Bo4QLrgEtbz4ILN2x9kSM4QWX9/1kKu6UXC3RAbVQV85UQ /es/languages/javascript.min.js
sha384-R87hRh4kF8+iz2sB6FvLrfR0XZBohjFXeJKIXld1Eji2UVi+M2+OIgJKma/9Ko6u /es/languages/json.js
sha384-QFDPNpqtrgZCuAr70TZJFM4VCY+xNnyGKwJw2EsWIBJOVcWAns9PHcLzecyDVv+x /es/languages/json.min.js
sha384-JkFMmKMbHcXjdfHauRnREGG6i73GyMisdqNivBm4Z9m2Oc82YIu5jQtIjLa508e8 /es/languages/markdown.js
sha384-65/lNNIY+ayhHTtFznjnyZ5w2NDdZIpSEcqjss/p4ex5JamZ46FdYwDDf6IBLCmE /es/languages/markdown.min.js
sha384-e+d8RFZbtc5Pmt3xfX9uuElm63v5qOj7T5hAkkFbnYc1wEk7wCLlzOsm66MCf5Uk /es/languages/python.js
sha384-CPHh+9FxkWF3OtMZdTj5oQN1Qti0p4/5XBABz/JdgssOKHmfAOFz6Gu4tsG6MQiH /es/languages/python.min.js
sha384-kcAcxYNWYVMr2nwgsILhFHZH+OkRjbK6xazY53sIcW9bta3onTtDBKug0swjsiMC /es/languages/scss.js
sha384-mlx1v98SAsuX2QnqD9+dsXOfilvT7QQjfyOD3HTrvA4TXsxV4yjW/+TqhUADUuOH /es/languages/scss.min.js
sha384-ZX3mm6sjLYWMBTMUJYzvQXYHNWVJkD+t1ppx4BysyVs6cVhvYFVuwMlVCeAwtwm9 /es/languages/sql.js
sha384-DloKeCkj/pTPHeqWu3keGoEPpZJGm44yQjSmSfpWasykAMUobM0hcYFFPsg1PE6K /es/languages/sql.min.js
sha384-BcyijKQAe0oJGoEBf0y/+dTJjKiy4bIAVdjreJw+MiOkPgCEjM/2FY2+W7K6tcEZ /es/languages/typescript.js
sha384-Mfjt0R07QBpLXhGWeCetLw7s2mTQSoXmcyYnfsSNq4V4YG3FwayBjxod9MxjSB1x /es/languages/typescript.min.js
sha384-Tdx2DY9ZTHx3KhVXYqOVKx3q1zOboDGlTTv8sgMlER8y4WETtqL+C4VQ7B4A0OGq /es/languages/xml.js
sha384-n9ZezaAVj8pK1BIFZQxmC1BM9yGuBNRgvsOxHMHPCXzqYd1gSYIu9KjgGEm8K57w /es/languages/xml.min.js
sha384-4SbTAv3AX2fuPCpSv6HW3p07YgA7hFfcwG2zJHtYv0ATIt1juD3IXj2NSYwTeIpm /languages/bash.js
sha384-83HvQQdGTWqnRLmgm19NjCb1+/awKJGytUX9sm3HJb2ddZ9Fs1Bst2bZogFjt9rr /languages/bash.min.js
sha384-M2wpTxQe2N0750xYZ0zTinwbmjsZjdtuS7twUUP2dxtHR0YqhY3JuUFyyhANf9Uy /languages/cpp.js
sha384-/yf54L01PbO6NtVs1Pu9rgfNHbKXanLdNcGVuNa0m5+KiyH+1NpZRDK6idm5VoVl /languages/cpp.min.js
sha384-73x+NDGuWTdFik2BOd5uwmBcikSmR+Qx5AVbJLifM/M0hBbwKToQ45xBWxKYkpgd /languages/csharp.js
sha384-6NsOlZtv7W2iSoDU+Yi+hENfl3MuiECvnl7emdRUvpIpDbLvoCjpAU1fjE6HxIQp /languages/csharp.min.js
sha384-h6xPJgkyvp13tIs697wZHjCH20tW1aJOrvnAKiZZiATSWZp0lyLB4bAdsEhWUSze /languages/css.js
sha384-+MO3D3y/aZzZq7QMAAA5KiuAcqBZivJHFmVUXfwdBoLxEXeGTeQGsNMll4fpnegg /languages/css.min.js
sha384-5njNAV6cayF+v1sc70/t3BTkztvcp8TZ61d65U8YUQuXJ45PIrhcgNfccRMd9JsI /languages/http.js
sha384-ubRntct0s40ZDtDRLkxA3/xYX51o5yC2U8SKlky8dhIRsjSnvZiUKLhz0gNTewno /languages/http.min.js
sha384-p/utwvqrRVOLlz0BjJ0BCGCb2liTDipfz47/QmGXz9hoPIjCKYEgmYUC30VmGgZy /languages/javascript.js
sha384-L/XmDiyusXomLRGcRmcBpPlboRFjpQNV747OJvg+sEOpgGYvUsNwcC4JLNQ2dI6O /languages/javascript.min.js
sha384-psmmPlbfEWGyvRapexDqkVTgNz7Y1xvlGdLNWQSafI4GFQYFDXPZxVXH1laU4n6l /languages/json.js
sha384-Bb6DhE3tUpBROwypL78TbhRUs9QbCt2GxcxVSYglt2l3MefrYkm4CfwjfWhRfQaX /languages/json.min.js
sha384-TVvUXbmPgdS59xZSFUeyNQ1vUkeCbBpuMj3qlzdEwdQhoO5F/WNdI94UEw8g7Enp /languages/markdown.js
sha384-sFh+6oaRBb6kdaMLf8x7qeH7NTvm2u1Ta6PtI0S8hoA+bP7UtHCyKFzaI1JBXwhT /languages/markdown.min.js
sha384-WNah6F2QDUbmrNCi0fSEyKJbSb01S1ijnoiwbDnegW7dm2Cz/H1CiH1HhWlUvj01 /languages/python.js
sha384-YDj7s2Wf0QEwarV3OB8lvoNJJCH032vOLMDo2HDrYiEpQ+QmKN+e++x3hElX5S+w /languages/python.min.js
sha384-1MNX8RDXroN7D+Jeq9f6EysUNAuhuQMq32wKcGB5yEDEJalUxEoSjfRVJhF0+YV6 /languages/scss.js
sha384-7CdPzO1jMDolQK+LCRlGiW1Oka6fSiQdIiqfTvHeBk2Hm2iYNoqMn60aJ9HdKkjb /languages/scss.min.js
sha384-w/OmtgUvmlKWaVatpcvuEQxP7bkJzI5gLeeQkuXjApJNiQvNmXFL2PBM5RWgKqDr /languages/sql.js
sha384-2uzCjI3OPwJce6i2hphsYs1qqTqRrDnfPXbfjZggPWy2/Lgl8gzV9Hyl0jhhoWy4 /languages/sql.min.js
sha384-4q0Mj1AHSvVdgi6nXDGdkiHZQcme/PcCE+MvwCvnAIZSjhJfk3UpjJU2nn2eImWz /languages/typescript.js
sha384-rfwxAwuWzb2XdSU7HN3IhrSyCq96Nj4p1ZYPCNAGbqtnPsaWl8d5eSypxPbW6alT /languages/typescript.min.js
sha384-QAL2h4IMgQaJUJjUy0dSWdAut7o/A272ai8qOsJ8SSm9KMxkdLgH7oGfLGft/EJ0 /languages/xml.js
sha384-CN3No+n1UZXCFYyl+ge5yAPGTNGuH23BdIsFJxntDmEYL94AmoZlNBHGSdjVSjKG /languages/xml.min.js
sha384-qjQihY1EnIQNRKIfb92rQk/1oJZq5MnzNFIKNRJf3GhelWkaWL43AKMdNi2A+s1r /highlight.js
sha384-eYeDSW3nHFeK8mch29zh2sgcca/VSwtrrXdN4suXBSxlh7ejwva+AwLr7Tc60FVi /highlight.min.js
```

